Welcome to PoXe!

PoXe is an Xbox 360 Gamepad to Keyboard/Mouse binding solution designed specifically for Path of Exile.

In order to accommodate Path of Exiles complexity, PoXe has two separate modes Mapping and Hideout.
Most buttons rebind to different controls between these two settings except Select, Start, A, and B. 
Select will always be used to switch between Mapping and Hideout modes.
Start will always be bound to "Escape" on your keyboard
Pressing Select and Start together will always unlock your cursor

Analog Sticks 
In PoXe your analog sticks control your mouse. There are two mouse control types in PoXe, Free and Locked.
In Locked mode your cursor starts at the center of the screen and moves in a circle around your character depending on the
position of the analog stick. This is the best mode for mapping as you can easily change directions on the fly.
In Free mode the cursor is simply pushed around the screen in the direction you press the analog stick. This is the
best mode inventory management and NPC interaction.
Both of these input types can be tweaked to your preference in the main application under "Universal Settings"

Mapping Mode 
In Mapping mode controller inputs map to your skills. You can configure these bindings in the main application
under "Mapping Mode Settings". In this mode you can bind the DPAD, Triggers, Left and Right Buttons, Analog 
stick clicks, and the a, b, x, and y buttons to nearly any key you want.

In Mapping mode the left analog stick will be in Locked mode and the right analog stick will be in Free mode

Hideout Mode 
In Hideout mode the controller inputs have been designed for managing your inventory and stash. These controls cannot be rebound,
(with the excepction of Left Analog and Right Analog Click) but some can be adjusted in the main application under "Hideout Mode Settings". 

In Hideout mode the left analog stick will be in Free mode and the right analog stick will be in Locked mode

A = Click
B = Right Click
X = Control + Click
Y = Shift + Click

Dpad = Incremental Step (one inventory grid position at a time)

Left Trigger = Snap cursor to currency tab center
Right Trigger = Snap cursor to inventory grid top Left

Left Button/Right Button = Arrow keys left and right for navigation of stash tabs

Right Analog Stick Click = Bindable
Left Analog Stick Click = Bindable

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

How do I stop this thing?

If you get into an "Oh Shit" situation for any reason and app is not responding use the windows shortcut 
control+shift+escape to bring up task manager and force quit the application. When task manager is your active 
window PoXe cannot control your mouse.

My Controller Won't Connect!

Make sure your controller is on before starting the application and try again.
